
Oct 6

Beat It - Chords are Em D over and over, learn song and solo

Billie Teen - cords are in wrong spot for Lisas Bridge

Sep 15

Beautiful Thing - add click, maybe sime BTs choral.  Theres a pause after buildup and before chorus

bevHills - consider CoreyWong->RabeaMassad->PostMeAStratNeck



Guitar tones




-----
shut up - check patch timing


Bev Hills - check scroll speed
1985 - scroll speed, bring the lead down



* TeenagedDB - remove 4 bars from intro (or two if you count like Toni)
* Gives you hell - add more crunch somewhere?
* JustWanna - watch for a 2-4 beat breakdown


* Bitch - add bgvox, swap solo, Click to stop when vox Oooos stop

* 1985 - louder solo guitar, quieter rythm guitar in BT
* Bev Hills - check solo patch switch timing

Everyody Talks - work out pauses timing





June 16

Shut Up and Dance - backing track, mix down lisa BGVox

Material Girl - Learn It



June 4

Bitch - add bgvox, swap solo








Apr 14

Bad Blood - Tones, intro hint tone for lisa

Brightside - Tones, LP2 timings

Walk like an Egyptian - harmony bit slightly to low, get to a 5th

Girls just wanna - learn the chord changes in the chorus

Closing - BTs are ready

Royals - needs more sustain

Ghost - BT, delete chords from parts with no guitar

---------------------

spongebob

fathfully - prince solo?  something between song section (time for fog)

creep - backing guitars


Inside our - add click, fix tone, fix scrolling speed to be faster

straight up - bgvox louder, but some quiter cuz clipping

brightside - train volume down?

Bitch - BG guitar bits, BG_Vox, walkdown bits, add boost on the solo, tone is good otherwise.

Gives Hell - dstorted chirds during chorus, words off screen in last part - fix alignment of words

Shes so mean - change tone on bridge, Does BT skip a beat?  Can tone be less underwater?





teenaged Db - girl part dirty tone starts early and is too loud, turn BGTrack lower

dirtbag - fix tones, multiple sections?

everybody talks - guitar tone - figure solo bit octave, move intro noise, 2 beats before the second chorus

hand pocket - E, tone AGAIN, if E - fix the arpeggios

stacys - tone, BT volume, me guitar volume lower, keys-guitar tone needs fixing

rocketman - check other sections rythms n add to chart

royals - guitar volume, BTVox are clipping, add solo tremelo thing to BT

gives hell - gang vox delayed, out of synch



intro key hints on BT for Flowers, Beggin, RocketMan, BasketCase, BadBlood

Brightside - EQ off on vox maybe wrong?

Rude - tones, do track setup - 3x through at the end, groove check


Rocketman tone (a LITTLE less gain, esp in arp section), chuggier at the end, add notes

Rock n Roll - audio queues so we know where the BT is.  learn the walk down at end of bridge

Purple rain - do solo prep

teen spirit - fix tones

-----

Bad Blood - ADD gain! - fix the loud part of the BT, and then make it all louder

------

Gives you hell - check ending (stops early) (get it?)

Bitch - learn those BGVox. 

ABCDEF - write the breaks into notes (did I get them all?)

-----

Gives You Hell - add a shimmery guitar to the out going chorus 

Rude - spend time and think of adjustments (funkier?)

ABCDE - breath control

rocketman, tighten it

royals - fill fixes, guitar loudness fixes

----

faithfully

Bad Blood

teen spirit

walk like egyptian

girls just wanna

-----------------


teen spirit - guitar WAY too hot on crunch bits, solo come sin early?

Rocketman - G, D, E - fix chordsheet right before chorus

-----

graduate bitch

Rocketman - add a key hint to the cues

Rude - fix ending

Bad Blood - more, bigger distorted tone



---------

Bitch - raise volume of bridge pedal note in BG guitar track





Yes - rythm of love (Toni)
Crash Test Dummies - Piano part? (Toni)
Lobster by RJ Pasin (Joseph)



closing time, shut up and dance - brightside, royals - teen spirit/billy jean - africa cook cover







break into 2 sets of 11, practice should be run through an 11, then spot practice

Bev Hill - change guitar tone





Ghost (work it up)
ABCDEFU (work up)



